fix issue (WP-834) Elementor content partially missing upon translation (#489)
Smartling/wordpress-localization-plugin: readme.txt

3. Track translation status within WordPress from the Submissions Board. View overall progress of submitted translation requests as well as resend updated content.

== Changelog ==
= 3.5.2 =

> * Fixed Elementor elements that could have background image from library and didn't have the images set preventing processing valid background images as related content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed Elementor elements that could have a background image from the library but didn't have the images set, preventing valid background images from being processed as related content

```
